Replace XPS tokens (#14106)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/advanced/how-to-programmatically-print-xps-files.md

ms.assetid: 0b1c0a3f-b19e-43d6-bcc9-eb3ec4e555ad
---
# How to: Programmatically Print XPS Files
You can use one overload of the <xref:System.Printing.PrintQueue.AddJob%2A> method to print XML Paper Specification (XPS) files without opening a <xref:System.Windows.Controls.PrintDialog> or, in principle, any [!INCLUDE[TLA#tla_ui](../../../../includes/tlasharptla-ui-md.md)] at all.  
  

>  You can also print XML Paper Specification (XPS) files using the many <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter.Write%2A> and <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter.WriteAsync%2A> methods of the <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter>. For more about this, [Printing an XPS Document](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/ms771525(v=vs.90)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can also print XPS files using the many <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter.Write%2A> and <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter.WriteAsync%2A> methods of the <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter>. For more about this, [Printing an XPS Document](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/ms771525(v=vs.90)).  
```

>  You can also print XML Paper Specification (XPS) files using the many <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter.Write%2A> and <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter.WriteAsync%2A> methods of the <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter>. For more about this, [Printing an XPS Document](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/ms771525(v=vs.90)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can also print XML Paper Specification (XPS) files using the many <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter.Write%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> and <xref:System.Windows.Xps.XpsDocumentWriter.WriteAsync%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> methods. For more information, see [Printing an XPS Document](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/ms771525(v=vs.90)).  
```

>  Another way of printing XML Paper Specification (XPS) is to use the <xref:System.Windows.Controls.PrintDialog.PrintDocument%2A> or <xref:System.Windows.Controls.PrintDialog.PrintVisual%2A> methods of the <xref:System.Windows.Controls.PrintDialog> control. See [Invoke a Print Dialog](how-to-invoke-a-print-dialog.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Another way of printing XPS is to use the <xref:System.Windows.Controls.PrintDialog.PrintDocument%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> or <xref:System.Windows.Controls.PrintDialog.PrintVisual%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> methods. See [Invoke a Print Dialog](how-to-invoke-a-print-dialog.md).  
```
